hey guys in this video I'm going to be
telling you how to make the mac OS x
text effects like the one I have in my
wallpaper so what you can only want to
have to do this is photoshop cs4 cs3
when you want to click file new quote
whatever you want on a call Apple then
the width you can choose and the height
you can choose i'm going to go with 1024
and 768 again with the color mode to be
RGB and 8-bit click ok now go to your
desktop and you want to get a picture
you can get it off google or anything
I've got this galaxy here open it up
with Photoshop then you want to click
the little arrow here and drag that
picture up into the document just
created now you want to go down here to
this little triangle at local air yeah
it's a triangle drag it out and then
click come on T and then resize it so it
fits vbox so see how we need to go down
a bit up a bit and then to the right pic
once you've all done and it's all
fitting click enter then you want to go
to filter blur radial blur click and
then 100 blow method zoom quality best
click OK let it load then I'll give this
effects like it's sumit out they want to
get the text box here and create a box
and type in whatever why do you want to
have to go with Apple then you want to
have the font you're my riyadh pro you
want it to be bold i'm going to use 150
font size and then you want to change it
to black once that's done drag it out
here and then click command and then
click the little text box here and then
you want to click new layer then you
want to get click down this box here and
you want to type in hat where it says
hash you want to type in 44 34 c you get
this gray color you then click the paint
bucket and fill in with that color then
go to select what is still like this
click modify contract by five pixels
click OK and then click delete then
click come on
d and it would be like this so let me
zoom it so there you have a kind of core
fact then the next thing you want to do
is click c'mon by again on the apple
thing and then you want to get a new
layer so a new layout and then get the
elliptical marquee tool and create a
overall above the letter once you've
done that you want to color that in
white which is hash ffff click OK then
click the paint bucket click OK once
you've done that you want to click mod I
here click shift command I offered up
and then click delete so now you have
this effects like this but of course you
don't want it ended up with white at the
top so the next thing you want to do is
click this little layer button down here
which is add layer mask then you want to
go to the top so you want to go to the
paint bucket hold it down and click
gradient tool and you want it to fade
from black to white normal opacity i
just sent hold down the shift key and
drag down and then there you go that is
the effect i'm going to get that bit
darker so don't drag down a bit further
and then you can drag down again there
you can drag down again and then you can
keep on playing around with it until you
got the right darkness so i'm going to
go with this darkness then you click
shift command s to save it i'm going to
save it as a PNG and then we'll disable
to my desktop then click Save click OK
and now I have this picture which should
pop up I can't look I save it to the
desktop I thought so I'm gonna we save
that to desktop where for that PNG okay
replace click OK
and then who is down here click space
bone you can see a preview of it and
that's what it looks like now I'm going
to set this as my background just show
you it big screen this won't fit exactly
because I did not do the screen size
measurements I think so it won't fit is
likely perfectly so then go to they can
make click the little plus button and
then you can click that and they go
there is the effect it wouldn't normally
be that blurry it's because he'll fit to
screen it's because I did it smaller
then it should actually be but there you
go guys that is the effects that is how
to do it hope you enjoyed it I hope this
helps very subscribe so